DOCS/routes-glossary.md, before:

# All created routes and their purpose

## Access server

> Access to the server with address:
>> **localhost:5000**

## Routes list

### routes (View) : as table

| METHOD | URI                | SERVER WILL DO                                         |
| :----- | :----------------- | :----------------------------------------------------- |
| GET    | `/hello`           | will response 'hello world' |
| GET    | `/`                | will render 'article/index.ejs' and pass {articles: fake_articles} |
| GET    | `/articles/new`    | will render 'article/new.ejs' --> the new-article-form   |
| GET    | `/articles/🆔`     | will *give requested article from database* **[WIP]**   |
| POST   | `/articles/`       | will  create a new Article_model  |
|        |                    | will save it in MongoDB |
|        |                    | will redirect to `/articles/🆔` |
|        |                    | if *error*, will render '/articles/new.ejs' form and |

### (routes) View : as list

- GET `/hello`
  - will response 'hello world'

- GET `/`
  - will render 'article/index.ejs'
  and pass {articles: fake_articles} to the view

- GET `/articles/new`
  - will render 'article/new.ejs' --> the new-article-form  

- GET `/articles/🆔`  
  - will send a response with the id of article ou asked (temporarly)
  - SOON : will *give requested article from database* **[WIP]**

- POST `/articles/`
  1. will  create a new Article_model
  2. will save it in MongoDB
  3. will redirect to `/articles/🆔`
  4. if *error*,
      - will render '/articles/new.ejs' form 
      - and will pass {article: newArticle} to the view

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  c[client] -->s[server.js]
  subgraph routes
   ra[articles.js]
  end
  subgraph views
    subgraph articles
      vai[index.ejs]
      van[new.ejs]
      vaf[/_form_fields.ejs/]
      vaf-.->van
    end
  end
  subgraph models
    ma[article.js]
  end
```


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram;
  autonumber
  actor c as client
  participant s as server.js
  participant ra as r / articles.js
  participant vai as v / a / index.ejs
  participant van as v/ a/ new.ejs
  participant vaf as v / a / _form_fields.ejs

  c-)s: GET /
  s->>vai: res.render
  vai-->>c: view
  c-)s: GET /articles/new
  s->>van: res.render
  vaf-->>van: include
  van-->>c: view
  
```

Commit message:

feat(article): add view 'show' for found article
modified:   DOCS/routes-glossary.md
    - add new routes
new file:   views/articles/show.ejs
    - display article found in database
    (title, date, markdown-content)

DOCS/routes-glossary.md, after:

# All created routes and their purpose

## Access server

> Access to the server with address:
>> **localhost:5000**

## Routes list

### routes (View) : as table

| METHOD | URI                | SERVER WILL DO                                         |
| :----- | :----------------- | :----------------------------------------------------- |
| GET    | `/hello`           | will response 'hello world' |
| GET    | `/`                | will render 'article/index.ejs' and pass {articles: fake_articles} |
| GET    | `/articles/new`    | will render 'article/new.ejs' --> the new-article-form   |
| POST   | `/articles/`       | will  create a new Article_model  |
|        |                    | will save it in MongoDB |
|        |                    | will redirect to `/articles/🆔` |
|        |                    | if *error*, will render '/articles/new.ejs' form and |
| GET    | `/articles/🆔`     | will *give requested article from database*    |
|        |                    | then will render `/articles/show` and pass {article: article_found} as parameter |
| GET    | `/articles/show`   | will show the article found in database    |


### (routes) View : as list

- GET `/hello`
  - will response 'hello world'

- GET `/`
  - will render 'article/index.ejs'
  and pass {articles: fake_articles} to the view

- GET `/articles/new`
  - will render 'article/new.ejs' --> the new-article-form  

- POST `/articles/`
  1. will  create a new Article_model
  2. will save it in MongoDB
  3. will redirect to `/articles/🆔`
  4. if *error*,
      - will render '/articles/new.ejs' form
      - and will pass {article: newArticle} to the view
  
- GET `/articles/🆔`  
  - will *give requested article from database*
  - then will render `/articles/show` and pass {article: article_found} as parameter

- GET `/articles/show`
  - will show the article found in database

### (routes) View : as diagrams (TESTS)

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  c[client] -->s[server.js]
  subgraph routes
   ra[articles.js]
  end
  subgraph views
    subgraph articles
      vai[index.ejs]
      van[new.ejs]
      vaf[/_form_fields.ejs/]
      vaf-.->van
    end
  end
  subgraph models
    ma[article.js]
  end
```


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram;
  autonumber
  actor c as client
  participant s as server.js
  participant ra as r / articles.js
  participant vai as v / a / index.ejs
  participant van as v/ a/ new.ejs
  participant vaf as v / a / _form_fields.ejs

  c-)s: GET /
  s->>vai: res.render
  vai-->>c: view
  c-)s: GET /articles/new
  s->>van: res.render
  vaf-->>van: include
  van-->>c: view
  
```
